See sent emails in the invite screen for referrers
Make family_wish a type of Wish bound to family instead of person. It should show in all the usual places that Wishes show.
Admins need a way to see their assigned wishes (frontend assigned wishes tile like purchasers have)
Make “Manage people” for families have bigger bolder text and above the profile so it’s one of the first things they see
Family invite email get rid of last sentence / make it more clear
Make address not optional; default help text “If no address, write ‘none’”
Family title should be required with drop down options, and it should be changed to “role”. Drop down options: “Son, Daughter, Grandson, Granddaughter, Mother, Father, Grandfather, Grandmother”. Should have help text “To help with choosing gifts; choose whichever is closest”
Frontend wish size field default grey text add “Toddler 3T, Boys M, Mens M” examples
Change family “request approval” to an obvious DONE button with a label: “Click here to submit once finished adding people.”
Family approval wording change for referrers: “confirm these are your correct referred families”. Change “approval_status” to “known” or something
Referrer denial emails to families: {Referrer Name} did not recognize you
Referrer can lock families without waiting for them to request it
Change claim to sponsor wording for all public stuff (so they sponsor a family instead of claiming it)
Checkmarks to batch mark things purchased at the same place in admin and purchaser assigned-wish views
Also filtering for purchaser view (for easier checkmark mark all)
An easy method for purchasers to mark that they purchased something yesterday (or whatever date they choose)
Hide CSV import - maybe make a nested view for rarely-used admin functions? It’s mostly used for demo and testing
Admin page with everything, kinda like a spreadsheet
Maybe move the password change thing into a more general “update user” area
Add wish display_id: format is 1-1-1A/B/F where A/B are for practical / fun, adult gifts are just the person display_id, and F is for family wishes.
Admins should see delivery slips too
Payment processing - some way to accept credit card payments. Looking like Zeffy
Donor payment integration - Shopping cart for cash-claimed families, unclaim if not paid within a day. $500 per family for gifts + optional $100 per family for groceries
Anonymous donors - accept payments for families without requiring a donor account
Add deadlines: family info, donor bringing gifts, others? - admin set
Packing slip: move family wish down to be more clear make all the wish info black (for all wishes) so it’s easier to read
Packing slips: more per print page, ideally with page breaks
Adding color to practical wishes - like size
Donor reminder emails before deadline
EVENTUALLY - Automated database backups
EVENTUALLY - Email families a week before their pickup window
EVENTUALLY - Add button for admins to email families directly using their own email account. Requires more google workspace config to avoid having to register each user individually
EVENTUALLY - Email "opened" tracking via a logo?

Things that need clarification:
Delivery people getting email with their list; should it be an admin button or a scheduled thing a few days before?
